docs(common): Remove promises for the future (#2330)
telerik/blazor-docs: upgrade/overview.md

If you have a commercial license, but you still see the trial watermark and banner, especially after publishing an app to a staging or live server, your build has used the trial `Telerik.Blazor.dll` assembly.

> The most common reason for the problem is that the framework decides to incorrectly copy a trial version of our assembly into the `dist` folder of the app, even though it puts the correct licensed version at the root of the publish folder. This seems like a problem in the build process of the framework.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The most common reason for the problem is that the framework decides to incorrectly copy a trial version of the Telerik UI for Blazor assembly into the `dist` folder of the app, even though it puts the correct licensed version at the root of the publish folder. This seems like a problem in the build process of the framework.
```
